ONLY FOR BARS MODE:

--     will be added (coding: "first letter|number(s) of interaction"):

swap - "s1-2"
insert - "i1-2"     == insert in between bars 1 and 2. the inserted bar becomes bar #2
pivot - "p3"        == choose bar #3 as a pivot
select - "u1-2-3-4"         == (u stands for Unite)     select bars: 1, 2, 3, 4
split - "l1-2"        == all the bars (before 1) OR (after 2) included are being interacted with, others ignored
go - "g1"          == e.g. after setting pivot, the algorithm will choose what part it will go to



--     decide on:

compare - "c1-2"
create - "mX"    == for fun mode IF NEEDED.  m means Make, X is the value (1-1000+) itself



--     for fun modes:

delete - "d1"
modify - "vX"   == v stands for value, X is the value itself. can be (1-1000+) etc depending on mode.






HOW THEY WILL WORK:

- swap:
IMPLEMENTED

- insert:
IMPLEMENTED PARTIALLY
you will drag the bar in between the bars and it will visually offer you to insert the bar between two bars. 
same offering as when swapping bars - just a variation of visual.
when inserted, the right-side bars will move to the right one place (or however the user inserted) and the inserted bar(s) 
take their initial place.

- pivot:
visually, a dot will appear above the bar. 
user will click (where?) and the pivot will be set.

- select:
same select as e.g. in Windows with left click and mouse drag.
left click on button, hold it and drag the mouse. select the bars you needed (if all bars selected, do not do anything after).
after pointerup, the move will be considered made - bars will be visually selected, to unselect you must click undo button,
but before pointerup DO NOT count it as a move.

- split:
will look like a line between two bars. 
to create the line, user clicks above the bars but between them and moves the mouse straight down. then the line will appear.
HOWEVER, THERES A PROBLEM: distinguish between selection and splitting. similar problem to select vs drag.

- go:
will be considered automatically, for example:
user splits the bars in two and STARTS interacting with the right side. before any move is recorded, the "gX" will be recorded
and only after that the rest of the moves will also be recorded.
visually, e.g. after splitting the bars, if the user starts making moves on the left side, and algorithm is doing it on the right
side, then the whole left side(background) will be coloured yellow.
IF there is no go-to move, then (think on that in the future..) the whole background will be coloured gray (??)

- delete:
user drags the bar down. visually, it slides down and the rest of the bars get bigger to match the size of the puzzle-container.
if that was a correct move, smth happens visually idk. if that was not - smth happens visually but with a different colour.
if not really correct, then yellow but same visuals idk

- modify:
user will drag the top of the bar and then they will drag it down or up, modifying the bar's value.
THE MOVE WILL BE COUNTED AFTER POINTERUP!!!
the lowest possible value will be 1 - NOT ZERO.


?
- create:
there will be a + button, after clicking it, a bar with some value will appear, and user will be able to legally modify it
without flagging the modify move. thus they will only be able to modify it after creation. if was left unmodified - the value
the bar appeared with will be considered the legally modified value of the bar and the create move will be registered with it.